Drive boldly. Arrive safely.
Every mile is a fresh start.
Good things take time. So does a great drive.
Stay focused. The road deserves your full attention.
Trust the tech. But never stop paying attention.
Action is the foundational key to all success. – Pablo Picasso
Do it now. Sometimes 'later' becomes 'never'.
The beginning is always today. – Mary Wollstonecraft
Dream big and dare to fail. – Norman Vaughan
Every moment is a fresh beginning. – T.S. Eliot
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. – Mark Twain
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. – Arthur Ashe
Don't wait for opportunity. Create it.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. – Milton Berle
Leave no stone unturned. – Euripides
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. – William James
Opportunities don't happen, you create them. – Chris Grosser
Determine your priorities and focus on them. – Eileen McDargh
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. – Wayne Gretzky
We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action. – Dr. Henry Link
Turn your wounds into wisdom. – Oprah Winfrey
Tough times never last, but tough people do. – Robert H. Schuller
If you're going through hell, keep going. – Winston Churchill
Fall seven times and stand up eight. – Japanese Proverb
No pressure, no diamonds. – Thomas Carlyle
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor. – Franklin D. Roosevelt
And still, I rise. – Maya Angelou
The obstacle is the way. – Ryan Holiday
To be the best, you must be able to handle the worst.
The hard days are what make you stronger. – Aly Raisman
Where there is no struggle, there is no strength. – Oprah Winfrey
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston Churchill
Grow through what you go through.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. – Thomas Edison
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. – Truman Capote
Whatever you are, be a good one. – Abraham Lincoln
Change your thoughts and you change your world. – Norman Vincent Peale
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. – Leonardo da Vinci
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud. – Maya Angelou
Never regret anything that made you smile. – Mark Twain
Happiness depends upon ourselves. – Aristotle
Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you. – Walt Whitman
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. – Will Rogers
Never let your emotions overpower your intelligence.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. – Mae West
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. – Steve Jobs
Make each day your masterpiece. – John Wooden
The best revenge is massive success. – Frank Sinatra
Be the change that you wish to see in the world. – Mahatma Gandhi
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. – Albert Einstein
Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise. – Frank Ocean
A comfort zone is a beautiful place, but nothing ever grows there.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Success is a journey, not a destination. – Arthur Ashe
Small steps in the right direction can turn out to be the biggest step of your life.
Focus on the journey, not the destination. – Greg Anderson
Be so good they can't ignore you. – Steve Martin
Don't tell people your plans. Show them your results.
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks. – Bill Gates
Believe you can and you're halfway there. – Theodore Roosevelt
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. – Theodore Roosevelt
It always seems impossible until it's done. – Nelson Mandela
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says 'I'm possible!' – Audrey Hepburn
If it matters to you, you'll find a way.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will. – Suzy Kassem
Stay hungry, stay foolish. – Steve Jobs
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. – Franklin D. Roosevelt
You are enough just as you are.
We are what we repeatedly do. – Aristotle
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. – Oscar Wilde
Whatever you do, do with all your might. – Marcus Tullius Cicero
It is never too late to be what you might have been. – George Eliot
